Questions? Call 1-844-505-2993This page is protected by Google reCAPTCHA to ensure you're not a bot. Learn more. Questions? Call 1-844-505-2993The Netflix ad-supported subscription plan allows you to enjoy movies and TV shows at a lower price.  Unlike our other ad-free plans, ads will be shown before or during most TV shows and movies. Some movies and TV shows will not be available due to licensing restrictions, and downloads are not included.  Ad-supported plans are available in Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, Japan, Korea, Mexico, Spain, the United Kingdom, and the United States. If you are new to Netflix, you can sign up for an ad-supported plan as you would for any of our other plans.  If you are currently a Netflix member, you can change to an ad-supported plan. You may not see an ad-supported plan option if:  You are using an incompatible device. You are in a country where ad-supported plans aren't available.  You have Netflix through a third-party billing partner or with a package. Please contact your provider to confirm plan availability. If you switch to a payment method that is not billed by your provider, you can select an ad-supported plan once your new payment method is charged and your new billing period begins. You can expect to see an average of about 4 minutes of ads per hour (this may vary based on the title you're watching).  Some TV shows and movies aren't available to watch on ad-supported plans because of licensing restrictions. These titles will have a lock icon when you search or browse Netflix.  Ads will not be shown on Kids profiles.  Ads will only be shown before or during TV shows and movies, not games.  You cannot skip or fast forward ads, but you can pause playback during an ad. If you prefer to watch Netflix without ads, you can change to an ad-free plan. You can provide feedback or report an issue with an ad when watching Netflix on your computer web browser.  At this time, ads may be personalized based on your interactions with Netflix (such as the genre of content being viewed), your general location (such as city and state), and information that you provide to Netflix. After you sign up for or change to an ad-supported plan and choose your primary profile, we ask for the account owner's date of birth and gender. We use this basic demographic data, as well as general location information
                                    based on your IP address, to help tailor the advertising and improve the product offering.  If you have questions about privacy and security, please visit our Privacy and Security Help Page. You can also learn more about privacy and how we use your data in our Privacy Statement. Netflix is a subscription-based streaming service that allows our members to watch TV shows and movies on an internet-connected device.    Depending on your plan, you can also download TV shows and movies to your iOS, Android, or Windows 10 device and watch without an internet connection. If you're already a member and would like to learn more about using Netflix, visit Getting started with Netflix. Netflix content varies by region and may change over time. You can watch a variety of award-winning Netflix originals, TV shows, movies, documentaries, and more.  The more you watch, the better Netflix gets at recommending TV shows and movies. You can watch Netflix through any internet-connected device that offers the Netflix app, including smart TVs, game consoles, streaming media players, set-top boxes, smartphones, and                tablets. You can also watch Netflix on your computer using an internet browser. You can review the  system requirements for web browser compatibility, and check our internet speed recommendations                to achieve the best performance.  Need help getting set up? Search our Help Center for the manufacturer of the device you're using. Each Netflix plan determines the number of devices you can watch Netflix on at the same time and whether you can watch in High Definition (HD), Full High Definition (FHD), or Ultra High                Definition (UHD).  You can change your plan or cancel online at any time.             To start watching Netflix:                         Visit netflix.com/signup. Choose a plan.                     Create an account by entering your email address and creating a password.                     Enter a payment method.                     As a Netflix member, you are charged once a month on the date you signed up.  These Netflix Gift Card and Balance terms (“Terms”) apply to the purchase and use of Gift Cards and Netflix Balance. As used in these Terms, “Gift Card” means one time use, unredeemed Netflix gift cards (including electronic codes) with a fixed monetary value. “Netflix Balance” means any prepaid balance that may be used to pay for access to the Netflix service,
                including redeemed Netflix Gift Cards and electronic gift codes. Netflix Balances shall be limited to a maximum of five hundred dollars ($500.00 USD) at any time. Gift Cards are only redeemable for the Netflix service in countries where the Netflix service is offered in the currency denominated on the Gift Card. To redeem a Gift Card, go to netflix.com/redeem                and enter the card’s PIN number. You must create or have an existing and valid Netflix membership to redeem a Gift Card. The entire value of a Gift Card will be applied to your Netflix account upon redemption. Gift Cards cannot be redeemed
                for accounts that are billed through third parties. To redeem a Gift Card if your account is billed through a third party, you must first cancel your Netflix billing through the applicable third party and then redeem your card at netflix.com/redeem                once your last billing period with the third party has ended.  You may apply the Netflix Balance to any Netflix membership plan. If your Netflix Balance is less than the subscription fee for your chosen Netflix membership plan, and you have not provided us with another payment method, your Netflix membership
                will be prorated based on the remaining value of your Netflix Balance, which means that the duration of your billing cycle may be shortened. Once your Netflix Balance is consumed you will not be able to use the paid portion of the Netflix
                service until you add more Netflix Balance to your Netflix account or provide us with another valid payment method.  Gift Cards or Netflix Balance are not refundable and may not be redeemed for cash or any cash equivalent, except if you are entitled to receive a refund for cancellations or nonconformity under the mandatory laws of your country of residence.
                If you cancel your Netflix membership but still have Netflix Balance in your Netflix account, your Netflix membership will be cancelled only after your Netflix Balance has been completely consumed.  Gift Cards and Netflix Balance do not expire and are not subject to any fees. Gift Cards or Netflix Balance cannot be used to purchase other gift cards, and cannot be reloaded, resold, or transferred for value. Any Gift Card or Netflix Balance that has been resold, transferred or fraudulently obtained may be invalidated
                and voided at Netflix’s sole discretion. Gift Cards may not be used in connection with any marketing, advertising or other promotional activities without Netflix’s prior written approval. Use of Netflix’s name, logo, trade dress or trademarks
                in connection with the purchase or use of Gift Cards is strictly prohibited. Furthermore, the use of Gift Cards in any manner that states or implies that any person, website, business, product or service is endorsed or sponsored by, or
                otherwise affiliated with, Netflix is prohibited without Netflix’s prior written approval. Gift Cards are issued by NGS Services, LLC, a California limited liability company.  You agree that the laws of the State of California, without regard to principles of conflict of laws, will govern these Terms. These Terms will not limit
                any consumer protection rights that you may be entitled to under the mandatory laws of your state of residence. Last Updated: December 1, 2022This page is protected by Google reCAPTCHA to ensure you're not a bot. Learn more. Questions? Call 1-844-505-2993Get more images and information about Netflix on our company site.Netflix is one of the world's leading entertainment services with 231 million paid memberships in over 190 countries enjoying TV series, films and games across a wide variety of genres and languages. Members can play, pause and resume watching as much as they want, anytime, anywhere, and can change their plans at any time.  FollowOur core philosophy is people over process. Our culture has been instrumental to our success and has helped us attract and retain stunning colleagues, making work here more satisfying. 

 Our first original series debuted in 2013. Over the following decades, Streaming TV will replace linear, and we hope to keep leading by offering an amazing entertainment experience. By .css-z9hdam{all:initial;font:inherit;display:-webkit-inline-box;display:-webkit-inline-flex;display:-ms-inline-flexbox;display:inline-flex;visibility:inherit;}.css-z9hdam span{color:#e50914;-webkit-text-decoration:none;text-decoration:none;}.css-z9hdam:focus > .essqqm80{box-shadow:0 0 2px 2px #ff373d;}.css-z9hdam:focus{outline:none;}.css-1u9shfo{font-style:italic;font-weight:300;}Benson Ma, ZZ ZimmermanWith contributions from Alok Ahuja, Shravan Heroor, Michael Krasnow,  
.css-35ezg3{font-weight:600;}Entertainment · 07 March 2023
United StatesGlobal$12.00 $27.99 $27.99 $27.99 $34.99 $34.99 $27.99 $27.99 $27.99 $27.99 $12.00 $12.00 $12.00 $12.00 $12.00 $12.00 $12.00 $12.00 $12.00 $12.00 $12.00 $12.00 $29.99 $29.99 $29.99 $29.99 $29.99 $29.99 $29.99 $29.99 $29.99 $29.99 $29.99 $29.99 $26.99 $26.99 $30.00 $72.00 $72.00 $30.00 $30.00 Buy now, pay later with Klarna. Get the Latest News on Product Releases and More 
Transactions outside the United States are processed by Global-e. For more info, please visit the International FAQsNETFLIX and individual title properties: ™ / © Netflix. Used with permission. | Accessibility Tools
 © 2023 Netflix, Inc. 
        Discounts, taxes & shipping calculated at checkout.
       
        For customers outside the US, checkout is powered by Global-e. By continuing to checkout, you accept the Global-e Terms of Sale and Privacy Policy. For more info, please visit the International FAQs.
        
            Changing language will not affect your selected region.
           
      It looks like you’re located in %%user_location%%, but you are about to enter the United States online store.
      How would you like to proceed?
    This page is protected by Google reCAPTCHA to ensure you're not a bot. Learn more. Questions? Contact us.Pay for membership or gift one to someone special. Add them to an existing account or start a new one. Use them for yourself or anyone who could use a little fun. Cards are applied to your account as a gift balance. Before your balance runs out, we’ll let you know. Promise. Having trouble using your gift card? Visit the Help Center for additional information and assistance. Questions? Contact us.The newest generation of media players and streaming sticks offer a fast, easy, and affordable way to watch Netflix on your TV. Smart TVs have Netflix already on them—ready for you to watch. There’s no need to add another device. 								Want a smart TV that’s built for a great Netflix experience? Look for smart TVs with the Netflix Recommended TV logo.							 LEARN MORE ▸ You can also watch Netflix on a variety of game consoles. Now you can switch from live TV to Netflix right from your set-top box. Netflix is available through a growing number of pay TV providers. Ask yours for Netflix if you don’t see it here. Stream Netflix using your Blu-ray player or Home Theater System. It’s easy to watch Netflix from anywhere. If Netflix isn’t already on your phone or tablet, you can download our free app from the Apple App Store, Google Play, or the Windows Phone Store. Netflix is optimized for today’s most popular browsers so you can watch on your PC or laptop. Netflix streaming membership and internet connection required. Netflix will be available on select devices from the following brands displayed. Terms of Use Privacy Cookie Preferences © 2023 Netflix, Inc. Netflix uses cookies and similar technologies on this website to collect information about your browsing activities which we use to analyse your use of the website. Netflix uses essential and performance & functionality cookies (why?). You can change your cookie preferences.Netflix provides a personalized subscription service that allows our members to access entertainment content ("Netflix content") over the Internet on certain Internet-connected TV's, computers and other devices ("Netflix                ready devices"). The Netflix service is provided to you by Netflix Inc. You have accepted these Terms of Use, which govern your use of our service. As used in these Terms of Use, "Netflix service", "our service" or "the service"                means the personalized service provided by Netflix for discovering and accessing Netflix content, including all features and functionalities, recommendations and reviews, our websites, and user interfaces, as well as all content and software                associated with our service. References to ‘you’ in these Terms of Use indicate the member who created the Netflix account and whose payment method is charged.                 YOU AGREE TO THE ARBITRATION AGREEMENT AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER DESCRIBED IN SECTION 7 TO RESOLVE ANY DISPUTES WITH NETFLIX (EXCEPT FOR MATTERS THAT MAY BE TAKEN TO SMALL CLAIMS COURT).             Membership 1.1. Your Netflix membership will continue and automatically renew until terminated. To use the Netflix service you must have Internet access and a Netflix ready device and provide us with one or more Payment Methods.                        "Payment Method" means a current, valid, accepted method of payment, as may be updated from time to time and which may include payment through your account with a third party. You must cancel your membership before it                        renews in order to avoid billing of the membership fees for the next billing cycle to your Payment Method (see "Cancellation" below).                        1.2. We may offer a number of membership plans, including memberships offered by third parties in conjunction with the provision of their own products and services. We are not responsible for the products and services                        provided by such third parties. Some membership plans may have differing conditions and limitations, which will be disclosed at your sign-up or in other communications made available to you. You can find specific details regarding                        your Netflix membership by visiting the netflix.com website and clicking on the "Account" link available at the top of the pages under your profile name. Promotional Offers. We may from time to time offer special promotional offers, plans or memberships (“Offers”). Offer eligibility is determined by Netflix at its sole discretion and we reserve the right to revoke an                        Offer and put your account on hold in the event that we determine you are not eligible. Members of households with an existing or recent Netflix membership may not be eligible for certain introductory Offers. We may use information                        such as device ID, method of payment or an account email address used with an existing or recent Netflix membership to determine Offer eligibility. The eligibility requirements and other limitations and conditions will be disclosed                        when you sign-up for the Offer or in other communications made available to you.   Billing and Cancellation 3.1. Billing Cycle. The membership fee for the Netflix service and any other charges you may incur in connection with your use of the service, such as taxes and possible transaction fees,                        will be charged to your Payment Method on the specific payment date indicated on the "Account" page. The length of your billing cycle will depend on the type of subscription that you choose when you signed up for the                        service. Membership fees are fully earned upon payment. In some cases your payment date may change, for example if your Payment Method has not successfully settled, when you change your subscription plan or if your paid membership                        began on a day not contained in a given month. Visit the netflix.com website and click on the "Billing details" link on the "Account" page to see your next payment date. We may authorize your Payment Method                        in anticipation of membership or service-related charges through various methods, including authorizing it up to approximately one month of service as soon as you register. If you signed up for Netflix using your account with a                        third party as a Payment Method, you can find the billing information about your Netflix membership by visiting your account with the applicable third party.3.2. Payment Methods. To use                        the Netflix service you must provide one or more Payment Methods. You authorize us to charge any Payment Method associated to your account in case your primary Payment Method is declined or no longer available to us for payment                        of your subscription fee. You remain responsible for any uncollected amounts. If a payment is not successfully settled, due to expiration, insufficient funds, or otherwise, and you do not cancel your account, we may suspend your                        access to the service until we have successfully charged a valid Payment Method. For some Payment Methods, the issuer may charge you certain fees, such as foreign transaction fees or other fees relating to the processing of your                        Payment Method. Check with your Payment Method service provider for details.                        3.3 Updating your Payment Methods. You can update your Payment Methods by going to the "Account" page. We may also update your Payment Methods using information provided by the                        payment service providers. Following any update, you authorize us to continue to charge the applicable Payment Method(s).                        3.4. Cancellation. You can cancel your Netflix membership at any time, and you will continue to have access to the Netflix service through the end of your billing period. To cancel, go to                        the "Account" page on our netflix.com website and follow the instructions for cancellation. If you cancel your membership, your account will automatically close at the end of your current billing period. To see when your                        account will close, click "Billing details" on the "Account" page. If you signed up for Netflix using your account with a third party as a Payment Method and wish to cancel your Netflix membership, you may need                        to do so through that third party, for example by visiting your account with the applicable third party and turning off auto-renew, or unsubscribing from the Netflix service through that third party. 3.5. Changes to the Price and Subscription Plans.                        We may change our subscription plans and the price of our service from time to time; however, any price changes or changes to your subscription plans will apply no earlier than 30 days following notice to you. If you do not wish                        to accept the price change or change to your subscription plan, you can cancel your subscription before the change takes effect.                        3.6. No Refunds. Payments are nonrefundable and there are no refunds or credits for partially used membership periods. Following any cancellation, however, you will continue to have access                        to the service through the end of your current billing period. At any time, and for any reason, we may provide a refund, discount, or other consideration to some or all of our members ("credits"). The amount and form                        of such credits, and the decision to provide them, are at our sole and absolute discretion. The provision of credits in one instance does not entitle you to credits in the future for similar instances, nor does it obligate us to                        provide credits in the future, under any circumstance.                         Netflix Service 4.1. You must be at least 18 years of age to become a member of the Netflix service. Individuals under the age of 18 may only utilize the service with the involvement of a parent or legal guardian, under such person's                        account and otherwise subject to these Terms of Use.4.2. The Netflix service and any content accessed through our service are for your personal and non-commercial use only and may not be shared with individuals beyond                        your household unless otherwise allowed by your subscription plan. During your Netflix membership, we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to access the Netflix service and Netflix content through the service.                        Except for the foregoing, no right, title or interest shall be transferred to you. You agree not to use the service for public performances.4.3. You may access Netflix content primarily within the country in which you                        have established your account and only in geographic locations where we offer your subscription plan and have licensed such content. The content that may be available will vary by geographic location and will change from time to                        time. Not all Netflix content may be available in the ad supported subscription plan. The number of devices on which you may simultaneously watch depends on your chosen subscription plan and is specified on the "Account"                        page.4.4. The Netflix service, including the content library, is regularly updated. In addition, we continually test various aspects of our service, including but not limited to our websites, user interfaces and promotional                        features. You can turn off test participation at any time by visiting the "Account" page and changing the "Test participation" settings.                        4.5. Depending on your subscription plan, some Netflix content may be available for temporary download and offline viewing on certain supported devices ("Offline Titles"). Limitations apply, including restrictions                        on the number of Offline Titles per account, the maximum number of devices that can contain Offline Titles, the time period within which you will need to begin viewing Offline Titles and how long the Offline Titles will remain                        accessible. Some Offline Titles may not be playable in certain countries and if you go online in a country where you would not be able to stream that Offline Title, the Offline Title will not be playable while you are in that country.                        4.6. You agree to use the Netflix service, including all features and functionalities associated therewith, in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations, or other restrictions on use of the service or                        content therein. Except as explicitly authorized by us, you agree not to:  (i) archive, download, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, perform, publish, license, create derivative works from, offer for sale, or use content and information contained on or obtained from or through the Netflix service;  (ii) circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade, block, obscure or thwart any of the content protections or other elements of the Netflix service, including the graphical user interface, any advertising or advertising features,                        copyright notices, and trademarks; (iii) use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Netflix service;  (iv) decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble any software or other products or processes accessible through the Netflix service; (v) insert any code or product or manipulate the content of the Netflix service in any way;  (vi) use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method;  (vii) upload, post, e-mail or otherwise send or transmit any material designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment associated with the Netflix service,                        including any software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs. We may terminate or restrict your use of our service if you violate these Terms of Use or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the service.                        4.7. The quality of the display of the Netflix content may vary from device to device, and may be affected by a variety of factors, such as your location, the bandwidth available through and/or speed of your Internet                        connection. HD, Ultra HD and HDR availability is subject to your Internet service and device capabilities. Not all content is available in all formats, such as HD, Ultra HD or HDR and not all plans allow you to receive content                        in all formats. The minimum connection speed for HD video quality (defined as a resolution of 720p or higher) is 3.0 Mbps per stream; however, we recommend a faster connection for improved video quality. A connection speed of at                        least 5.0 Mbps per stream is recommended to receive Full HD video quality (defined as a resolution of 1080p or higher). A connection speed of at least 15.0 Mbps per stream is recommended to receive Ultra HD video quality (defined                        as a resolution of 4K or higher). You are responsible for all Internet access charges. Please check with your Internet provider for information on possible Internet data usage charges. Netflix makes no representations or warranties                        about the quality of your watching experience on your display. The time it takes to begin watching Netflix content will vary based on a number of factors, including your location, available bandwidth at the time, the Netflix content                        you have selected and the configuration of your Netflix ready device.4.8. The Netflix software is developed by, or for, Netflix and may solely be used for authorized streaming and to access content from Netflix through                        Netflix ready devices. This software may vary by device and medium, and functionalities may also differ between devices. By using our service, you agree to receive, without further notice or prompting, updated versions of the Netflix                        and related third-party software. If you do not accept the foregoing terms, do not use our service.4.9. By using our service, you agree to look solely to the entity that manufactured and/or sold you the Netflix ready                        device for any issues related to the device and its compatibility with the Netflix service. We do not take responsibility or otherwise warrant the performance of Netflix ready devices, including the continued compatibility with                        our service.                         Passwords and Account Access. You are responsible for any activity that occurs through the Netflix account. By allowing others to access the account (which includes access to information on viewing activity for the                        account), you agree that such individuals are acting on your behalf and that you are bound by any changes that they may make to the account, including but not limited to changes to the subscription plan. To help maintain control                        over the account and prevent any unauthorized users from accessing the account, you should maintain control over the devices that are used to access the service and not reveal the password or details of the Payment Method associated                        to the account to anyone. You agree to provide and maintain accurate information relating to your account, including a valid email address so we can send you account related notices. We can terminate your account or place your                        account on hold in order to protect you, Netflix or our partners from identity theft or other fraudulent activity. Netflix is not obligated to credit or discount a membership for holds placed on the account by either a representative                        of Netflix or by the automated processes of Netflix. If your Netflix ready device is sold, lost or stolen, please deactivate the Netflix ready device. If you fail to log out or deactivate your device, subsequent users may access                        the Netflix service through your account and may be able to access certain of your account information. To deactivate a device, follow instructions on the "Account" page of our netflix.com website.                         Disclaimers of Warranties and Limitations on Liability6.1. THE NETFLIX SERVICE AND ALL CONTENT AND SOFTWARE ASSOCIATED THEREWITH, OR ANY OTHER FEATURES OR FUNCTIONALITIES ASSOCIATED WITH THE NETFLIX SERVICE, ARE PROVIDED "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" WITH ALL FAULTS AND                        WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. NETFLIX DOES NOT GUARANTEE, REPRESENT, OR WARRANT THAT YOUR USE OF THE NETFLIX SERVICE WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED OR ERROR-FREE. NETFLIX SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS LIABILITY FOR THE USE OF APPLICATIONS, NETFLIX                        READY DEVICES, AND NETFLIX SOFTWARE (INCLUDING THEIR CONTINUING COMPATIBILITY WITH OUR SERVICE).                        6.2. TO THE EXTENT PERMISSIBLE UNDER APPLICABLE LAWS, IN NO EVENT SHALL NETFLIX, OR ITS SUBSIDIARIES OR ANY OF THEIR SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE (JOINTLY OR SEVERALLY) TO YOU FOR                        PERSONAL INJURY OR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER.                        6.3. DEPENDING ON YOUR SUBSCRIPTION PLAN, YOU MAY ENCOUNTER THIRD PARTY ADVERTISEMENTS ON THE NETFLIX SERVICE. NETFLIX DOES NOT ENDORSE OR SPONSOR ANY ADVERTISED PRODUCTS OR SERVICES AND TAKES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE                        PRODUCTS OR SERVICES PROVIDED BY ADVERTISERS. ANY INTERACTIONS WITH ADVERTISERS, INCLUDING THROUGH ENGAGEMENT WITH INTERACTIVE ADVERTISEMENTS, ARE AT YOUR OWN OPTION AND RISK AND YOU AGREE THAT NETFLIX IS NOT LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES                        THAT YOU MAY INCUR AS A RESULT OF SUCH INTERACTIONS.                        6.4. NOTHING IN THESE TERMS OF USE SHALL AFFECT ANY NON-WAIVABLE STATUTORY RIGHTS THAT APPLY TO YOU.                         Arbitration Agreement7.1. You and Netflix agree that any dispute, claim or controversy arising out of or relating in any way to the Netflix service, these Terms of Use and this Arbitration Agreement, shall be determined by binding arbitration or in small                        claims court. Arbitration is more informal than a lawsuit in court. Arbitration uses a neutral arbitrator instead of a judge or jury, allows for more limited discovery than in court, and is subject to very limited review by courts.                        Arbitrators can award the same damages and relief that a court can award and nothing in this Arbitration Agreement shall be interpreted as limiting any non-waivable statutory rights. You agree that, by agreeing to these Terms of                        Use, the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision, and that you and Netflix are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. This arbitration provision                        shall survive termination of this Agreement and the termination of your Netflix membership.                        7.2. If you elect to seek arbitration or file a small claim court action, you must first send to Netflix, by certified mail, a written Notice of your claim ("Notice"). The Notice to Netflix must be addressed                        to: General Counsel, Netflix, Inc., 121 Albright Way, Los Gatos, CA 95032 ("Notice Address"). If Netflix initiates arbitration, it will send a written Notice to the email address used for your membership account. A Notice,                        whether sent by you or by Netflix, must (a) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute; and (b) set forth the specific relief sought ("Demand"). If Netflix and you do not reach an agreement to resolve the claim                        within 30 days after the Notice is received, you or Netflix may commence an arbitration proceeding or file a claim in small claims court.                        7.3. You may download or copy a form Notice and a form to initiate arbitration at www.adr.org. If you are required to pay a filing fee, after Netflix receives notice at the Notice Address that you have commenced arbitration,                        Netflix will reimburse you for your payment of the filing fee, unless your claim is for greater than US$10,000, in which event you will be responsible for filing fees.                        7.4. The arbitration will be governed by the Consumer Arbitration Rules (the "AAA Rules") of the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), as modified by this Agreement, and will be administered by                        the AAA. The AAA Rules and Forms are available online at www.adr.org, or by writing to the Notice Address. The arbitrator is bound by the terms of this Agreement. All issues are for the arbitrator to decide, including issues relating                        to the scope and enforceability of this arbitration agreement. Unless Netflix and you agree otherwise, any arbitration hearings will take place in the county (or parish) of your residence. The arbitrator's award shall be final                        and binding on all parties, except (1) for judicial review expressly permitted by law or (2) if the arbitrator's award includes an award of injunctive relief against a party, in which case that party shall have the right to                        seek judicial review of the injunctive relief in a court of competent jurisdiction that shall not be bound by the arbitrator's application or conclusions of law.                        7.5. If your claim is for US$10,000 or less, we agree that you may choose whether the arbitration will be conducted solely on the basis of documents submitted to the arbitrator, through a telephonic hearing, or by an                        in-person hearing as established by the AAA Rules. If your claim exceeds US$10,000, the right to a hearing will be determined by the AAA Rules. Regardless of the manner in which the arbitration is conducted, the arbitrator shall                        issue a reasoned written decision explaining the essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. If the arbitrator issues you an award that is greater than the value of Netflix's last written settlement offer                        made before an arbitrator was selected (or if Netflix did not make a settlement offer before an arbitrator was selected), then Netflix will pay you the amount of the award or US$5,000, whichever is greater. Except as expressly                        set forth herein, the payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA Rules.                        7.6. YOU AND NETFLIX AGREE THAT EACH MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY IN YOUR OR ITS INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING. Further, unless                        both you and Netflix agree otherwise, the arbitrator may not consolidate more than one person's claims with your claims, and may not otherwise preside over any form of a representative or class proceeding. If this specific                        provision is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of this arbitration provision shall be null and void.                         Miscellaneous 8.1. Governing Law. These Terms of Use shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state of Delaware, U.S.A. without regard to conflict of laws provisions. These                        terms will not limit any consumer protection rights that you may be entitled to under the mandatory laws of your state of residence.                        8.2. Unsolicited Materials. Netflix does not accept unsolicited materials or ideas for Netflix content, and is not responsible for the similarity of any of its content or programming in                        any media to materials or ideas transmitted to Netflix. Should you send any unsolicited materials or ideas, you do so with the understanding that no additional consideration of any sort will be provided to you, and you are waiving                        any claim against Netflix and its affiliates regarding the use of such materials and ideas, even if material or an idea is used that is substantially similar to the material or idea you sent.                        8.3. Feedback. Netflix is free to use any comments, information, ideas, concepts, reviews, or techniques or any other material contained in any communication you may send to us ("Feedback"),                        including responses to questionnaires or through postings to the Netflix service, including our websites and user interfaces, worldwide and in perpetuity without further compensation, acknowledgement or payment to you for any purpose                        whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products and creating, modifying or improving the Netflix service. In addition, you agree not to enforce any "moral rights" in and to the                        Feedback, to the extent permitted by applicable law.8.4. Customer Support. To find more information about our service and its features, or if you need assistance with your account, please                        visit the Netflix Help Center, which is accessible through the netflix.com website. In certain instances, Customer Service may best be able to assist you by using a remote access support tool through which we have full access to                        your computer. If you do not want us to have this access, you should not consent to support through the remote access tool, and we will assist you through other means. In the event of any conflict between these Terms of Use and                        information provided by Customer Service or other portions of our websites, these Terms of Use will control.                        8.5. Survival. If any provision or provisions of these Terms of Use shall be held to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions                        shall remain in full force and effect.                        8.6. Changes to Terms of Use and Assignment. Netflix may, from time to time, change these Terms of Use. Such revisions shall be effective immediately; provided however, for existing members,                        such revisions shall, unless otherwise stated, be effective 30 days after posting. We may assign our agreement with you to any affiliated company or to any entity that succeeds to all or substantially all of our business or assets                        related to the applicable Netflix service.                        8.7. Communication Preferences. We will send you information relating to your account (e.g. payment authorizations, invoices, changes in password or Payment Method, confirmation messages,                        notices) in electronic form only, for example via emails to your email address provided during registration. You agree that any notices, agreements, disclosures or other communications that we send to you electronically will satisfy                        any legal communication requirements, including that such communications be in writing.                        Last Updated: January 5, 2023This Privacy Statement explains our practices, including your choices, regarding the collection, use, and disclosure of certain information, including your personal information in connection with the Netflix service.             To see our California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Privacy Notice, please click on the link, go to help.netflix.com/legal/privacy#ccpa or simply scroll down. If you have general questions about your account or how to contact customer service for assistance, please visit our online help center at help.netflix.com. For questions specifically about this Privacy                Statement, or our use of your personal information, cookies or similar technologies, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office by email at privacy@netflix.com.             The data controller of your personal information is Netflix, Inc. Please note that if you contact us to assist you, for your safety and ours we may need to authenticate your identity before                fulfilling your request.             We receive and store information about you such as:             Information you provide to us: We collect information you provide to us which includes: your name, email address, address or postal code, payment method(s), telephone number, and other identifiers you might use (such as an in-game name). This will include gender and date of birth if you join an ad supported subscription                                plan. We collect this information in a number of ways, including when you enter it while using our service, interact with our customer service, or participate in surveys or marketing promotions;                             information when you choose to provide ratings, taste preferences, account settings (including preferences set in the "Account" section of our website), or otherwise provide information to us through our service or                                elsewhere.                             Information we collect automatically: We collect information about you and your use of our service, your interactions with us and our advertising, as well as information regarding your network, network devices, and                        your computer or other Netflix capable devices you might use to access our service (such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, set top boxes, and other streaming media devices). This information includes:                     your activity on the Netflix service, such as title selections, shows you have watched, ads viewed (if applicable), search queries, and activity in Netflix games;                             your interactions with our emails and texts, and with our messages through push and online messaging channels;                             details of your interactions with our customer service, such as the date, time and reason for contacting us, transcripts of any chat conversations, and if you call us, your phone number and call recordings;                             device IDs or other unique identifiers, including for your network devices (such as your router), and devices that are Netflix capable on your network; resettable device identifiers (also known as advertising identifiers), such as those on mobile devices, tablets, and streaming media devices that include such identifiers (see the "Cookies and Internet Advertising"                                section below for more information);                             device and software characteristics (such as type and configuration), connection information including type (wifi, cellular), statistics on page views, referring source (for example, referral URLs), IP address (which can be                                used to tell us your general location, such as your city, state/province, and postal code), browser and standard web server log information;                             information collected via the use of cookies, web beacons and other technologies, including ad information (such as information on the availability and delivery of ads, the site URL, as well as the date and time). (See our                                "Cookies and Internet Advertising" section for more details.)                             Information from partners: We collect information from other companies with whom you have a relationship (“Partners”). These Partners might include (depending on what services you use): your TV or internet service                        provider, or other streaming media device providers who make our service available on their device; mobile phone carriers or other companies who provide services to you and collect payment for the Netflix service for distribution                        to us or provide pre-paid promotions for the Netflix service; and voice assistant platform providers who enable interaction with our service through voice commands. The information Partners provide us varies depending on the nature                        of the Partner services, and may include:                     search queries and commands applicable to Netflix that you make through Partner devices or voice assistant platforms;                             service activation information such as your email address or other contact information;                             IP addresses, device IDs or other unique identifiers, as well as associated pre-paid promotion, billing and user interface information, that support user authentication, the Netflix service registration experience, Partner                                payment processing, and the presentation of Netflix content to you through portions of the Partner user interface.                             Information from other sources: We also obtain information from other sources. We protect this information according to the practices described in this Privacy Statement, plus any additional restrictions imposed by                        the source of the information. These sources vary over time, but could include:                     service providers that help us determine a location based on your IP address in order to customize our service and for other uses consistent with this Privacy Statement;                             security service providers that provide us with information to secure our systems, prevent fraud and help us protect the security of Netflix accounts; payment service providers that provide us with payment or balance information, or updates to that information, based on their relationship with you; advertisers that run ad campaigns on Netflix (“Advertisers”) that might provide us with: identifiers (for example, cookies or resettable identifiers); and information about your interests, including demographic information                                and your activities online (such as websites visited, apps used and ads viewed); service providers that facilitate the sale, operations, and management of ads, in the context of our ad supported subscription plans (“Ad Service Providers”); ad measurement companies that support Netflix and Advertisers in understanding the effectiveness of ad campaigns run on Netflix (“Ad Measurement Companies”);                             online and offline information providers to support our ad supported subscription plans;                             publicly-available sources such as publicly available posts on social media platforms and information available through public databases associating IP addresses with internet service providers (ISPs); third party services that you are signed into and that provide functions within Netflix games, such as multiplayer gameplay, leaderboards, and game saving options. We use information to provide, analyze, administer, enhance and personalize our services and marketing efforts, to provide, analyze, administer, enhance and select ads in connection with our ad supported subscription plans, to process your                registration, your orders and your payments, and to communicate with you on these and other topics. For example, we use such information to: provide you with customized and personalized viewing recommendations for movies, TV shows, and games we think will be of interest to you (collectively “content”); determine your general geographic location (such as your city, state/province, and postal code);  provide localized content; determine your ISP to support network troubleshooting for you (we also use aggregated ISP information for operational and business purposes); help us quickly and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests;                     coordinate with Partners on making the Netflix service available to members and providing information to non members about the availability of the Netflix service, based on the specific relationship you have with the Partner;                     secure our systems, prevent fraud and help us protect the security of Netflix accounts; prevent, detect and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, including fraud, and to enforce our terms (such as determining whether and for which Netflix signup offers you are eligible and determining whether a particular                        device is permitted to use the account consistent with our Terms of Use);  analyze and understand our audience, improve our service (including our user interface experiences and service performance) and optimize content or ad selection, recommendation algorithms and delivery;                     communicate with you concerning our service so that we can send you news about Netflix, details about new features and content available on Netflix, special offers, promotional announcements, consumer surveys, and to assist you with                        operational requests such as password reset requests. These communications may be by various methods, such as email, push notifications, text message, online messaging channels, and matched identifier communications (described                        below). Please see the "Your Choices" section of this Privacy Statement to learn how to set or change your communications preferences. Our content recommendations system strives to predict what you will be in the mood to watch when you log in. However, our content recommendations system does not infer or attach socio-demographic information (like gender or race) to you. We                have a Help article that explains how our content recommendations system works - spoilers: the biggest driver of these recommendations is what you actually choose to watch through our service. You can read the article at netflix.com/recommendations.             We disclose your information for certain purposes and to third parties, as described below:             The Netflix family of companies: We share your information among the Netflix family of companies (help.netflix.com/legal/corpinfo) as needed for: providing you                        with access to our services; providing customer support; making decisions about service improvements; content development; and for other purposes described in the Use of Information section of this Privacy Statement.                     Service Providers: We use other companies, agents or contractors ("Service Providers") to perform services on our behalf or to assist us with the provision of services to you. For example, we engage Service                        Providers to provide marketing, advertising, communications, security, infrastructure and IT services, to customize, personalize and optimize our service, to provide bank account or balance information, to process credit card transactions                        or other payment methods, to provide customer service, to analyze and enhance information (including information about users' interactions with our service), and to process and administer consumer surveys. We engage Ad Service                        Providers in the context of our ad supported subscription plans. In the course of providing such services, these Service Providers may have access to your personal or other information. We do not authorize them to use or disclose                        your personal information except in connection with providing their services (which includes maintaining and improving their services). Partners: As described above, you may have a relationship with one or more of our Partners, in which case we may share certain information with them in order to coordinate with them on providing the Netflix service                        to members and providing information about the availability of the Netflix service. For example, depending on what Partner services you use, we may share information:                     in order to facilitate Partner pre-paid promotions or collection of payment for the Netflix service for distribution to us;                             with Partners who operate voice assistant platforms that allow you to interact with our service using voice commands;                             so that content and features available in the Netflix service can be suggested to you in the Partner’s user interface. For members, these suggestions are part of the Netflix service and may include customized and personalized                                viewing recommendations.    Advertisers/Ad Measurement Companies: We may share information collected from or about you with Advertisers and/or Ad Measurement Companies to select advertisements, and measure and improve advertising effectiveness.                        As a reminder, please see the Information from Other Sources section above if you have questions regarding the role of Advertisers or Ad Measurement Companies. Promotional offers: We may offer joint promotions or programs that, in order for your participation, will require us to share your information with third parties. In fulfilling these types of promotions, we may share                        your name and other information in connection with fulfilling the incentive. Please note that these third parties are responsible for their own privacy practices.   Protection of Netflix and others: Netflix and its Service Providers may disclose and otherwise use your personal and other information where we or they reasonably believe such disclosure is needed to (a) satisfy any                        applicable law, regulation, legal process, or governmental request, (b) enforce applicable terms of use, including investigation of potential violations thereof, (c) detect, prevent, or otherwise address illegal or suspected illegal                        activities (including payment fraud), security or technical issues, or (d) protect against harm to the rights, property or safety of Netflix, its users or the public, as required or permitted by law.                     Business transfers: In connection with any reorganization, restructuring, merger or sale, or other transfer of assets, we will transfer information, including personal information, provided that the receiving party                        agrees to respect your personal information in a manner that is consistent with our Privacy Statement.                     Whenever in the course of sharing information we transfer personal information to other countries, we will ensure that the information is transferred in accordance with this Privacy Statement and as permitted by the applicable laws on data                protection. You can find out more about how we disclose and transfer your personal information internationally at this link: help.netflix.com/legal/personal-information-international-transfers.             You may also choose to disclose your information in the following ways:             certain portions of our service may contain a tool which gives you the option to share information by email, text message and social or other sharing applications, using the clients and applications on your smart device;                     social plugins and similar technologies allow you to share information; and through Netflix game features, such as multiplayer options and leaderboards.                     Social plugins and social applications are operated by the social networks themselves, and are subject to their terms of use and privacy policies. Similarly, some of the Netflix game features mentioned above (such as multiplayer gameplay,                leaderboards, and game saving options) may require use of a third-party service, which is subject to that service’s terms of use and privacy policy.             “Remember me” function: For ease of access to your account, you can use the "Remember me on this device" function when you log in to the website. This function uses technology that enables us to provide direct                        account access and to help administer the Netflix service without requiring reentry of any password or other user identification when your browser revisits the service.  Giving others access to your account: If you share or otherwise allow others to have access to your account, they will be able to see shows you have watched, ratings, account information (including your email address                        or other information in the "Account" area of our website), and game related information (such as your in-game name and saved game progress). This remains true even if you use our profiles feature. You might have the                        option to use seamless account login through the Netflix mobile app, which enables login to the Netflix app on smart TVs, set top boxes, and other streaming media devices on the network to which you are connected. If you use that                        feature, those devices will remain signed into your account unless you later log out of those devices. Profiles: Profiles allow users to have a distinct, personalized Netflix experience, built around the movies and shows of interest to them, as well as separate watch histories. Please note that profiles are available                        to everyone who uses your Netflix account, so that anyone with access to your Netflix account can navigate to and use, edit or delete profiles. You should explain this to others with access to your account, and if you do not wish                        them to use or change your profile, be sure to let them know. Profile users may be offered the opportunity to add an email address, phone number or other information to the profile and will be provided with notice of collection                        and use at the time such information is requested (the Profile Privacy Notice applies (help.netflix.com/legal/profileprivacy)). We have various parental controls available,                        you can learn more by reading our Help article located at help.netflix.com/node/264.  Profile Transfers: The profile transfer feature on your account allows you and users with access to your account to transfer an eligible profile from your account to a separate account (including information such as                        viewing history and recommendations). You can change the setting for this feature in the Settings section of your Account page. You can learn more by reading our Help article located at help.netflix.com/node/122698. Removing device access to your Netflix account: To remove access to your Netflix account from your devices, visit the "Account" section of our website, choose "Sign out of all devices," and follow                        the instructions to deactivate your devices (note, deactivation may not occur immediately). Where possible, users of public or shared devices should log out at the completion of each visit. If you sell or return a computer or Netflix                        ready device, you should log out and deactivate the device before doing so. If you do not maintain the security of your password or device, or fail to log out or deactivate your device, subsequent users may be able to access your                        account, including your personal information. Email and Text Messages. If you no longer want to receive certain communications from us via email or text message, simply access the "Communications Settings" option in the "Account" section of our website                and uncheck those items to unsubscribe. Alternatively, click the "unsubscribe" link in the email or reply STOP (or as otherwise instructed) to the text message. Please note that you cannot unsubscribe from service-related correspondence                from us, such as messages relating to your account transactions.             Push Notifications. You can choose to receive mobile push notifications from Netflix. On some device operating systems, you will be automatically enrolled in the notifications. If you subsequently decide you no longer wish                to receive these notifications, you can use your mobile device's settings functionality to turn them off. We also offer push notifications on certain web browsers. If you agree to receive those notifications and subsequently decide                you no longer wish to receive these notifications, you can use your browser’s settings to turn them off.  Matched Identifier Communications from Netflix. Some third party sites and apps allow us to reach our users with online promotions about our titles and services by sending a privacy protective identifier to the third party.                A privacy protective identifier means we convert the original information (such as an email address or phone number) into a value to keep the original information from being revealed. The third party compares the privacy protective identifier                to identifiers in its database and there will be a match only if you have used the same identifier (such as an email address) with Netflix and the third party. If there is a match, Netflix can then choose whether or not to send a given                promotional communication to you on that third party site or app, and can optimize and better measure the effectiveness of online advertising. You can opt out in the “Marketing Communications” section of the “Account” section of our website.                   Behavioral Advertising. Behavioral advertisements are those that are selected based on your use and/or interactions with various unaffiliated third party apps or websites across the Internet (behavioral advertising). Netflix                can advertise its services using behavioral advertising, and if you are using a browser, then certain cookies and web beacons can be used to collect information to help determine your likely interests. If you are using a mobile device,                tablet, or streaming media device that includes a resettable device identifier, then that identifier can be used to help determine your likely interests. For your choices about behavioral ads from Netflix, please see the "Cookies                and Internet Advertising" section (below).             Netflix Ad Supported Subscription Plan - Behavioral Advertising. If you subscribe to an ad supported subscription plan, we can present you with advertisements, including ones selected using behavioral advertising information.                If you do not wish to be presented with behavioral advertisements as part of your participation in an ad supported subscription plan, you can opt out by: selecting the appropriate profile; and  choosing the "Behavioral Advertising" section in the "Account" section of our website When you choose to opt out of receiving behavioral ads, you will still see ads, but they will not be selected using behavioral advertising information. Opting out will not limit our collection of information, but will influence how we use                such information.  An option to opt out will not be provided in a Kids profile, because we do not engage in behavioral advertising on Kids profiles. To exercise choice around cookies or resettable device IDs being collected or for any purposes outside of behavioral advertising in our ad supported subscription plan, please utilize the tools in the Cookies and Internet Advertising section                below. We and our Service Providers use cookies and other technologies (such as web beacons), as well as resettable device identifiers, for various reasons. We want you to be informed about our use of these technologies, so this section explains                the types of technologies we use, what they do and your choices regarding their use.             Cookies and similar technologies, web beacons, and resettable device identifiersCookies are small data files that are commonly stored on your device when you browse and use websites and online services. We use other                technologies such as browser storage and plugins (e.g., HTML5, IndexedDB, and WebSQL). Like cookies, these other technologies may store small amounts of data on your device. Web beacons (also known as clear gifs or pixel tags) often work                in conjunction with cookies. In many cases, declining cookies will impair the effectiveness of web beacons associated with those cookies.If you use the Netflix app on a mobile device, tablet, or streaming media device, we may                collect a resettable device identifier from your device. Resettable device identifiers (also known as advertising identifiers) are similar to cookies and are found on many mobile devices and tablets (for example, the "Identifier for                Advertisers" (or IDFA) on Apple iOS devices and the "Google Advertising ID" on Android devices), and certain streaming media devices. Like cookies, resettable device identifiers are used to make online advertising more relevant                and for analytics and optimization purposes.  Why does Netflix use these technologies? We use these types of technologies for various reasons, like making it easy to access our services by remembering you when you return; to provide, analyze, understand and enhance the use of our services; to enforce our terms, prevent fraud;                to improve site performance, monitor visitor traffic and actions on our site; and to deliver and tailor our marketing or advertising, and to understand interactions with our emails, marketing, and online ads on third party sites. We may                also use these technologies to support the operation of our ad supported subscription plans. To help you better understand how we use cookies and resettable device identifiers, please see the information below: Essential cookies: These cookies are strictly necessary to provide our website or online service. For example, we and our Service Providers may use these cookies to authenticate and identify our members when they use                        our websites and applications so we can provide our service to them. They also help us to enforce our Terms of Use, prevent fraud and maintain the security of our service.                     Performance and functionality cookies: These cookies help us to customize and enhance your online experience with Netflix. For example, they help us to remember your preferences and prevent you from needing to re-enter                        information you previously provided (for example, during member sign up). We also use these cookies to collect information (such as popular pages, conversion rates, viewing patterns, click-through and other information) about our                        visitors' use of the Netflix service so that we can enhance and personalize our website and service and conduct market research. Deletion of these types of cookies may result in limited functionality of our service.                     Advertising cookies and resettable device identifiers: These cookies and resettable device identifiers use information about your use of this and other websites and apps, your response to ads and emails, and to deliver                        ads that are more relevant to you.                     When we advertise our services on other websites or apps, some of the websites and apps where we advertise, as well as advertising technology companies that we use to purchase, deliver, optimize, and/or measure our advertisements (collectively                “Advertising Partners”), may receive information from us as part of our campaign targeting, measurement, and optimization (e.g., steps completed in sign-up and site visit or app open/install information). Common uses of this type of information                are to judge the effectiveness of and optimize ad campaigns, by allowing Advertising Partners to see when someone who saw an ad later signed up for our service. Another common use is to make sure we do not serve ads trying to get individuals                to sign up for the Netflix service if they are already a Netflix user. Netflix uses contractual and technical measures designed to prevent Advertising Partners from accessing information regarding specific title selections you make, URLs                you land on, or shows you have watched on our service. We do not share information about title selections or your shows you have watched on our service.  In connection with our ad supported subscription plans, Netflix, our Ad Service Providers, and Ad Measurement Companies can use these technologies to operate and support our ad supported subscription plans, including supporting an Advertiser’s                ad campaigns, measurement, and optimization of the same.  How can I exercise choice regarding these technologies? To exercise choice regarding cookiesFor more information about cookies set through our website, as well as other types of online tracking (including the collection of information by third                        parties about your online activities over time and across third-party websites or online services for online behavioral advertising), and to exercise choices regarding them, click here. At this                        time, we do not respond to web browser "do not track" signals. Exercising choice over cookies is specific to that web browser or device. If you subscribe to an ad supported subscription plan and wish to exercise your                        choices, you can exercise such choices by accessing the ad supported subscription plan controls described in the section “Netflix Ad Supported Subscription Plan - Behavioral Advertising” above.                     To exercise choice regarding resettable device identifiersTo opt out of behavioral ads from Netflix in connection with an resettable device identifier on a mobile device, tablet, or streaming media devices,                        please configure the appropriate setting on your device (usually found under "privacy" or "ads" in your device's settings). You may still see Netflix ads on your device, but they will not be selected based                        on your likely interests. Exercising choice over a resettable identifier is specific to that device. If you subscribe to an ad supported subscription plan and wish to exercise your choices, you should access the ad supported subscription                        plan controls described in the section “Netflix Ad Supported Subscription Plan - Behavioral Advertising” above.                     To exercise choice using self-regulatory program resourcesNetflix supports the following self-regulatory programs, which provide additional privacy choices for behavioral advertising:                     In the US: Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) To exercise choice regarding other technologiesThere are a number of ways to exercise choice regarding technologies that are similar to cookies, such as browser storage and plugins (e.g., HTML5, IndexedDB,                        and WebSQL). For example, many popular browsers provide the ability to clear browser storage, commonly in the settings or preferences area; see your browser's help function or support area to learn more. Other technologies,                        such as Silverlight storage, may be cleared from within the application. You can request access to your personal information, or correct or update out-of-date or inaccurate personal information we hold about you. You may also request that we delete personal information that we hold about you. When you visit the "Account" portion of our website, you have the ability to access and update a broad range of information about your account, including your contact information, your Netflix payment information, and various related                information about your account (such as the content you have viewed and rated). You must be signed in to access the "Account" section.  If you are the account owner, to download a copy of your personal information go to: netflix.com/account/getmyinfo (you must be signed in to access the "Account" section), and follow                the instructions.  For other requests, or if you have any other question regarding our privacy practices, please contact our Data Protection Officer/Privacy Office at privacy@netflix.com. For more information about how                to access your information, including our verification process, please reference this help article: help.netflix.com/node/100624. We respond to all requests we receive from individuals                wishing to exercise their data protection rights in accordance with applicable data protection laws. Please also see the "Your Choices" section of this Privacy Statement for additional choices regarding your information.             We may reject requests that are unreasonable or not required by law, including those that would be extremely impractical, could require disproportionate technical effort, or could expose us to operational risks such as enabling fraud. Retention of information: We may retain information as required or permitted by applicable laws and regulations, including to honor your choices, for our billing or records purposes and to fulfill the purposes described in this Privacy Statement.                Specifically, we retain information for our legitimate interests and essential business purposes, such as operating, maintaining and improving our services; complying with our legal obligations; and exercising our legal rights and remedies,                including enforcing our terms of use. Our retention of information is based on many factors such as your relationship with Netflix (for example, are you a Netflix current member); the nature of the information; compliance with our legal                obligations; defending or resolving actual or anticipated legal claims. We take reasonable measures to destroy or de-identify personal information in a secure manner when it is no longer required. For information about deletion, removal                and retention of information, please reference this help article: help.netflix.com/node/100625.   If you are a California consumer, please see our California Consumer Privacy Act (CCPA) Privacy Notice by clicking on the link, going to help.netflix.com/legal/privacy#ccpa                or simply scrolling down. We use reasonable administrative, logical, physical and managerial measures to safeguard your personal information against loss, theft and unauthorized access, use and modification. These measures are designed to provide a level of security                appropriate to the risks of processing your personal information. Unfortunately, no measures can be guaranteed to provide 100% security. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee the security of your personal information.             The Netflix service may be provided through and/or utilize features (such as the display of social media content, or the provision of voice controls) operated by third party platforms, or contain links to sites operated by third parties whose                policies regarding the handling of information may differ from ours. For example, you may be able to access the Netflix service through platforms such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, set top boxes and a number of other Internet                connected devices, or if you subscribe to an ad supported subscription plan, ads displayed may allow you to interact with them through clicking them. These websites and platforms have separate and independent privacy or data policies,                privacy statements, notices and terms of use, which we recommend you read carefully. In addition, you may encounter third party applications that interact with the Netflix service.             You must be at least 18 years of age or older to subscribe to the Netflix service. Minors may only use the service with the involvement, supervision, and approval of a parent or legal guardian. We will update this Privacy Statement from time to time in response to changing legal, regulatory or operational requirements. We will provide notice of any such changes (including when they will take effect) in accordance with law. Your continued                use of the Netflix service after any such updates take effect will constitute acknowledgement and (as applicable) acceptance of those changes. If you do not wish to acknowledge or accept any updates to this Privacy Statement, you may cancel                your use of the Netflix service. To see when this Privacy Statement was last updated, please see the "Last Updated" section below. This Privacy Notice applies to consumers who reside in states that have adopted consumer privacy laws and supplements the Privacy Statement, to the extent applicable. Because of differences in certain state laws, this supplement is broken                into two sections, California (CCPA) Specific Notices, applicable to California residents only, and a California (CCPA) and other State Specific Sections, that may apply to residents of one or more states with consumer privacy laws requiring                such information. Such states as of the date of this Privacy Notice are California, Colorado, Connecticut, Utah, and Virginia (collectively “US State Privacy Laws”). California (CCPA) Specific Notices  Personal Information We Collect We collect information that identifies, relates to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular consumer or household (“CCPA personal information”). We                collect the following categories of CCPA personal information from consumers: Identifiers: “Identifiers” covers a broad range of information, including things like name, email address, postal address, telephone number, and IP address. We collect some CCPA personal information that falls into                        this category. For example, for streaming subscribers we’re going to have an email address, payment information (like a credit card), and for DVD customers we’re going to have a postal address. We collect IP addresses, identifiers                        from the devices you might use to connect, and characteristics about the networks you use when you connect to our service online (see also “Information we collect automatically” above in the Privacy Statement). These sorts of identifiers                        are connected to your Netflix account. There are also identifiers we use for purposes like advertising (resettable device identifiers, third party advertising cookies on our website) that we do not associate with your account,                        but that can be used to reach you with promotional messages on other websites and applications. In addition, there are identifiers (that may or may not be associated with your account) that we use for managing an ad supported subscription                        plan. We will also collect information such as gender, if you join an ad supported subscription plan.  Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law: This covers a broad range of information like race, sex, marital status, among other protected classes. We will collect this sort of information                        about you if you choose to participate in our optional research surveys, or other research activity such as an in person interview or panel. We do not collect this information when you register for the Netflix service. This will                        include date of birth and gender if you join an ad supported subscription plan. Commercial information: This includes information about products or services considered, obtained or purchased. Internet or other electronic network activity information: We offer online services, so we collect CCPA personal information in this category, like your interactions with our service. Geolocation data: Our online services don’t collect precise geolocation data from GPS sensors. However, we do collect IP addresses from which we can determine your general location (such as your city, state/province,                        and postal code). Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory or similar information: We may collect photos, audio and/or video of you in certain circumstances. For example if you contact customer service, we may record the call (voice                        recording).  Inferences: We have a content recommendations system that strives to predict what you’ll be in the mood to watch when you log in. However, we do not have a list in our recommendations system that attaches socio-demographic                        information to you like “soccer dad who likes rom coms” or “financially savvy mom who craves action films” or “singleton high school grad who likes tiny houses.” We have a Help article that explains how our recommendations system                        works - spoilers: the biggest driver is what you actually choose to watch through our service. You can read the article at netflix.com/recommendations. Over the previous twelve months, we have collected each of the categories of CCPA personal information described above except the specific pieces of CCPA personal information collected in connection with an ad supported subscription plan (which                has been available for less than twelve months as of the last update of this Privacy Notice). Uses of CCPA personal information We use each of the categories of CCPA personal information listed above for the purposes noted below. (Please see the Use of Information section of our Privacy Statement for additional details that may be of interest to you.) For ease of reference,                we repeat those sections below: We use personal information to provide, analyze, administer, enhance and personalize our services and marketing efforts, to provide, analyze, administer, enhance and select ads in connection with our ad supported subscription plans, to process                your registration, your orders and your payments, and to communicate with you on these and other topics. For example, we use such information to:  provide you with customized and personalized viewing recommendations for movies, TV shows, and games we think will be of interest to you (collectively “content”); determine your general geographic location (such as your city, state/province, and postal code);  provide localized content; determine your ISP to support network troubleshooting for you (we also use aggregated ISP information for operational and business purposes);  help us quickly and efficiently respond to inquiries and requests;  to coordinate with Partners on making the Netflix service available to members and providing information to non members about the availability of the Netflix service, based on the specific relationship you have with the Partner; prevent, detect and investigate potentially prohibited or illegal activities, including fraud, and to enforce our terms (such as determining whether and for which Netflix signup offers you are eligible and determining whether a particular                        device is permitted to use the account consistent with our Terms of Use);  analyze and understand our audience, improve our service (including our user interface experiences) and optimize content selection, recommendation algorithms and delivery;  communicate with you concerning our service so that we can send you news about Netflix, details about new features and content available on Netflix, special offers, promotional announcements, consumer surveys, and to assist you with                        operational requests such as password reset requests. These communications may be by various methods, such as email, push notifications, text message, online messaging channels, and matched identifier communications (described                        below). Please see the "Your Choices" section of our Privacy Statement to learn how to set or change your communications preferences. Over the previous twelve months, we used each of the categories of CCPA personal information listed above for the purposes listed above. However, the specific pieces of CCPA personal information described as being used in relation to an ad                supported subscription plan were not collected or used during the last twelve months (from the last updated date of this Privacy Notice). Categories of CCPA personal information disclosed for a business purpose We disclose the categories of CCPA personal information listed below for business purposes. (Please see the Disclosure of Information section of our Privacy Statement for additional details that may be of interest to you.) Identifiers: We may disclose identifiers for business purposes with the following categories of third parties: Service Providers, Partners, an entity engaged in a business transfer, law enforcement, courts, governments                        and regulatory agencies. In the context of an ad supported subscription plan, certain identifiers may be shared with our Ad Service Providers, Ad Measurement Companies and Advertisers.  Characteristics of protected classifications under California or federal law: We may disclose these types of characteristics for business purposes with the following categories of third parties: Service Providers,                        an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies. In the context of an ad supported subscription plan, certain information characteristics may be shared with our Ad Service                        Providers, Ad Measurement Companies and Advertisers. Commercial information: We may disclose commercial information for business purposes with the following categories of third parties: Service Providers, Partners, an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law                        enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies. In the context of an ad supported subscription plan, certain pieces of commercial information may be shared with our Ad Service Providers, Ad Measurement Companies and Advertisers. Internet or other electronic network activity information: We may disclose these types of information for business purposes with the following categories of third parties: Service Providers, Partners, an entity engaged                        in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies. In the context of an ad supported subscription plan, certain Internet or other electronic network activity information may be shared with                        our Ad Service Providers, Ad Measurement Companies, and Advertisers. Geolocation data: We may disclose geolocation data for business purposes, including Netflix’s own marketing, with the following categories of third parties: Service Providers, Partners, an entity engaged in a business                        transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies. In the context of an ad supported subscription plan, geolocation data may be shared with our Ad Service Providers, Ad Measurement Companies, and Advertisers.                         Audio, electronic, visual, thermal, olfactory or similar information: We may disclose these types of information for business purposes with the following categories of third parties: Service Providers, Partners, an                        entity engaged in a business transfer/merger, law enforcement, courts, governments and regulatory agencies. Inferences: We may disclose these types of data for business purposes with the following categories of third parties: an entity engaged in a business transfer/merger. In the context of an ad supported subscription                        plan, certain inferences may be shared with our Ad Service Providers, Ad Measurement Companies, and Advertisers. Over the previous twelve months, we disclosed each of the categories of CCPA personal information listed above for the business purposes as described in this Privacy Notice and our Privacy Statement. Please note that the specific pieces of                personal information currently being disclosed for consumers using an ad supported subscription plan were not disclosed during the last twelve months, as this plan has been available for less than twelve months as of the last update of                this Privacy Notice.  Sources of CCPA personal information We explain our sources of information in the Collection of Information section of our Privacy Statement. (Please see that section for more information that may be of interest to you.) For ease of reference, in regard to CCPA personal information                these are: You (the consumer) when you provide us CCPA personal information directly, and when we collect it automatically based on your interactions with us (for example, through your computer or other Netflix capable device you might use to                        access our service (such as gaming systems, smart TVs, mobile devices, set top boxes, and other streaming media devices);  Partners (other companies with whom you have a relationship). These Partners might include (depending on what services you use): your TV or Internet service provider, or other streaming media device providers who make our service available                        on their device; mobile phone carriers or other companies who provide services to you and collect payment for the Netflix service for distribution to us; voice assistant platform providers who enable interaction with our service                        via voice commands; third party services that you are signed into that provide functions within Netflix games, such as multiplayer gameplay, leaderboards, and game saving options; and  Other sources. Service Providers who support our business including: security and payment service providers; Ad Service Providers, Ad Measurement Companies, and Advertisers; publicly-available sources, specifically, public posts on                        social media platforms; and information about Internet Service Providers (ISPs) used by members to access Netflix through public databases associating IP addresses with ISPs.  CCPA Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information As of the date of this Privacy Notice, we may use certain types of information to offer members an ad supported subscription plan or engage in certain marketing activities. Under the CCPA, this activity may be considered “selling” or “sharing.”                This section includes important disclosures for California residents.  If you do not wish for us to sell or share CCPA personal information about you, you can learn how to make applicable choices by clicking the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link located in the footer of netflix.com                or by visiting this link: netflix.com/dnsspi. Using these choices will not opt you out of the use of previously “sold” (as defined by the CCPA) personal information, or stop all behavioral                advertising.  We do not knowingly sell, share or use the personal information of minors under 16 years of age. Financial Incentives  When you subscribe to Netflix you may choose an ad supported subscription plan. It is possible that some may interpret an ad supported subscription plan to fall within the meaning of a “financial incentive” for the purposes of the CCPA. If you choose an ad supported subscription plan, you will receive a discount in the price of your monthly subscription and when you watch content on Netflix, you will be presented ads which may appear before, during, or after content viewed                on Netflix. In certain circumstances some content and features (such as downloading and viewing content in other countries) may not be accessible under an ad supported subscription plan.  If you would like to stop participating in an ad supported subscription plan, you can simply access the Account Settings of your Netflix account through a web browser and select a different plan that is not an ad supported subscription plan.                The monthly fee associated with your Netflix subscription will likely increase if you move from an ad supported subscription plan to one that is not an ad supported subscription plan. We believe the reduction in monthly fee for participation                in an ad supported subscription plan and use of the categories of CCPA personal information described above to present relevant ads to you represents a fair exchange to continue to provide members a high quality service at a lower direct                out of pocket price to members. When considering the size of reduction in monthly fee for participating in an ad supported subscription plan, we considered projected ad revenue generated by all members projected to participate in an ad                supported subscription plan and the overall revenue required by Netflix to operate and innovate its business, produce the content to entertain its members and make a profit. State Specific Sections Sale and Use of Personal Information for Targeted Advertising Purposes. We may use certain types of information to offer members an ad supported subscription plan or engage in certain marketing activities. This                activity may be considered “selling”, or “targeted advertising” under US State Privacy Laws. Our practices regarding sale or targeted advertising may depend on how you interact with us, the services you use and the choices you make. If                you do not wish for us to sell or use your personal information for targeted advertising purposes, you can learn how to make applicable choices by visiting this link: netflix.com/dnsspi.                Using these choices will not opt you out of the use of previously sold personal information or stop all behavioral advertising.   We have not sold personal information in the past twelve months. We have also not “shared” or made available personal information for the purposes of targeted advertising in the past twelve months.  Use of De-Identified Information. As described in the Your Information and Rights section of our Privacy Statement, we may de-identify personal information in a secure manner when we determine it is appropriate                as part of our business operations. We take reasonable measures to maintain and use the information in a de-identified manner. We do not make any attempts to re-identify such information, except as permitted under applicable law. Your rights under Applicable US State Privacy Laws To the extent applicable under US State Privacy Laws, you may have the following rights in connection with your personal information: In California, you have the right to request that we disclose: what categories and specific pieces of CCPA personal information have been collected about you; the categories of sources from which CCPA personal information are collected;                        our business or commercial purpose for collecting, using, disclosing, selling or sharing personal information; the categories of third parties with whom we disclose, sell or share personal information; the categories of personal                        information we have disclosed, sold or shared about you for a business purpose. You have a right to confirm whether or not we process your personal information as well as to access and receive a copy of the specific personal information we have collected about you.  You have a right to deletion of your personal information, subject to exceptions under applicable US State Privacy Laws.  You have a right to request correction of any inaccurate personal information we hold about you.  You have a right to opt-out of our sale or our use of personal information for targeted advertising purposes. You can learn more by clicking the “Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information” link located in the footer of netflix.com                        or by visiting this link: netflix.com/dnsspi Finally, you have a right to receive notice of our practices at or before collection of personal information and you have a right not to receive discriminatory treatment for exercising any of your rights described under this section.                        We will not discriminate against you based on your exercise of any of your rights. You can assert these rights only where we receive a verified request from you. For information on how to exercise your rights, please see the Your Information and Rights                section above. Use of Agents. If you are a consumer in a jurisdiction that recognizes the ability to use an authorized agent and wish to contact us through an authorized agent, the authorized agent can submit a request on your                behalf to privacy@netflix.com along with a statement, certified as may be required, that the agent is authorized to act on your behalf. In order to verify the request, we may ask you to verify your                identity. For more information about how to access your information, including our verification process, please reference this help article: help.netflix.com/node/100624.  Appeals. If you are in a jurisdiction that recognizes your ability to appeal a decision we have made in connection with your attempt to assert a right under applicable US State Privacy Laws, you may file an appeal                of our decision refusing  your request to exercise your rights under this Privacy Notice. Requests to change our policies or practices are not grounds for appeal.  You may request an appeal of such decision by contacting us at privacyappeals@netflix.com,                please provide the state that you are writing from, accompanied with documentation you may have regarding the matter you are appealing. If your jurisdiction allows you to file a complaint with the state’s Attorney General’s Office regarding                any concerns with the result of your appeal request, you may do so by using the following links as may be applicable to you. You may submit a complaint to the Attorney General’s Office by selecting the appropriate link: Virginia (www.oag.state.va.us/consumer-protection/index.php/file-a-complaint),                Colorado (coag.gov/file-complaint), and Connecticut (portal.ct.gov/AG/Common/Complaint-Form-Landing-page).    If you do not own a Netflix account, we may not be able to respond to requests to exercise rights under this Privacy Notice, including, for example, the right to know or delete personal information. Because we only collect limited information                about individuals without an account, we are unable to verify requests from non-account holders to the standard required by the US State Privacy Laws.  Retention of Personal Information. We may retain information as required or permitted by applicable laws and regulations, including to honor your choices, for our billing or records purposes and to fulfill the                purposes described in our Privacy Statement. Specifically, we retain information for our legitimate interests and essential business purposes, such as operating, maintaining and improving our services; complying with our legal obligations;                and exercising our legal rights and remedies, including enforcing our terms of use. Our retention of information is based on many factors such as your relationship with Netflix (for example, are you a Netflix current member); the nature                of the information; compliance with our legal obligations; defending or resolving actual or anticipated legal claims. We take reasonable measures to destroy or de-identify personal information in a secure manner when it is no longer required.                For information about deletion, removal and retention of information, please reference this help article: help.netflix.com/node/100625. To see the prior version of this document, please go to netflix.com/privacyupdates.  Last Updated: November 1, 2022Watch anywhere. Cancel anytime. Watch on Smart TVs, Playstation, Xbox, Chromecast, Apple TV, Blu-ray players, and more. Stream unlimited movies and TV shows on your phone, tablet, laptop, and TV without paying more. Send kids on adventures with their favorite characters in a space made just for them—free with your membership. Only available on ad-free plans.Netflix serves members in many different countries. The Netflix entity that provides you with access to the Netflix service depends on your country of membership, and will be listed in your membership or payment confirmation email. The Netflix
                entity/entities that qualify as your data controller are listed in your local privacy statement.   Netflix, Inc.121 Albright WayLos Gatos, CA 95032, USA  Netflix International B.V.Karperstraat 8-101075 KZ Amsterdam, the NetherlandsKvK: 62266519VAT: NL853746333B01Share Capital: 12,500 Euros Netflix Entretenimento Brasil, Ltda.Alameda Xingu, 350 - 14º andar - Alphaville IndustrialBarueri, CEP 06455-911 - SP - BrazilCNPJ: ​13.590.585/0002-70 Netflix Entertainment Services India LLPLevel 11, Godrej BKC, Plot C-68G Block, BKC- Bandra (East)Mumbai 400051, India Netflix G.K.Tokyo Midtown East 3F9-7-2 AkasakaMinato-kuTokyo 107-0052 Japan Netflix Services Korea Ltd.20F, Tower A, Centropolis Building26, Ujeongguk-ro, Jongno-gu, Seoul, 03161, Republic of Korea Netflix Services UK Limited 100 New Bridge Street, London, EC4V 6JACompany No (Registration): 9091899 Income Tax Registration No.: 623 25810 01805 A  Netflix Pte. Ltd.9 Straits View, Marina One West Tower #14-07/12, Singapore 018937 Registration ID No. 201531197W  Netflix Services France S.A.S. 11 Place Édouard VII, 75009 Paris, France Business Number: 843 655 549 RCS Paris  Netflix Servicios de Transmisión España, S.L.Paseo de la Castellana 89, 28046 Madrid, Spain VAT/NIF number B88182514  Netflix México S. de R.L. de C.V.Paseo de la Reforma 483, Piso 37, Col. Cuauhtémoc, Cuauhtémoc, CDMX, CP 06500Registration No.: 112483 RFC (tax ID): NME110513P13  Netflix Australia Pty Ltd.Level 19, 181 William StreetMelbourne VIC 3000, Australia Netflix Services Germany GmbHFriedrichstraße 8810117, Berlin, Germany Netflix Services Italy S.R.L.  Via Boncompagni no. 8-10, Villino Rattazzi 00187, Rome, Italy Netflix Services Canada ULC1200 Waterfront Centre, 200 Burrard St Vancouver BC V7X 1T2, Canada Last Updated: January 1, 2022Contacting Netflix is now easier than ever when you contact us from the Netflix app on your Android or iOS phone or tablet! Calling through the app is free - all you need is an internet or cellular connection. 
Download the Netflix app:
 Questions? Learn how to contact us from the Netflix app! You will need a landline or cellular phone service. You will need an internet or mobile phone connection. 
Popular Questions
 
Find a different answer

 
 
 
 
 
 
The Netflix service, including all content provided on the Netflix service, is protected by copyright, trademark, trade secret or other intellectual property laws and treaties. The copyrights in the shows and movies on our service are owned by many great producers, including Netflix Studios, LLC. If you believe your or someone else’s copyrights are being infringed upon through the Netflix service, let us know by
                completing the Copyright Infringement Claims form (www.netflix.com/copyrights). Netflix and the N Logo are trademarks of Netflix, Inc. If you haven’t received our permission, do not use the Netflix marks as your own or in any manner that implies sponsorship or endorsement by Netflix. A product branded with the Netflix name or logo is a reflection of Netflix. Unless you are one of our licensees, we don’t allow others to make, sell, or give away anything with our name or logo on it. Netflix streaming and DVD services are covered by patents. For information on patents related to our services please visit www.netflix.com/patents. The software installed on Netflix ready devices to enable streaming of the Netflix service may contain software available under open source or free software licenses (“Open Source Software”) and/or commercial software licensed to Netflix by
                parties (“Commercial Software”). The Netflix Terms of Use do not alter any rights or obligations you may have under those Open Source Software licenses. Additional information about Open Source and Commercial Software, including required
                acknowledgements, license terms and notices, can be found here. Last Updated: May 11, 2018Netflix has an extensive library of feature films, documentaries, TV shows, anime, award-winning Netflix originals, and more. Watch as much as you want, anytime you want. Read about Netflix TV shows and movies and watch bonus videos on Tudum.com. Questions? Contact us.In accordance with the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, as amended by the California Privacy Rights Act in 2020, provides California residents certain rights to opt-out of certain disclosures of personal information. If you are a resident
                of other states like Colorado and Virginia, you may also find this information helpful.  This article explains how Netflix provides you with meaningful choices regarding the information we may collect about you. Below, we describe controls that you can access as a Netflix member. In addition, there may be other controls available
                that you can access whether or not you are a Netflix member. These other controls may vary depending on the types of devices, web browser or apps you use. We may update this article from time to time to reflect changes. Member Controls When you subscribe to your account and are logged in through a compatible web browser, you can access the controls described below. Please note, using these controls helps us understand your choices as a Netflix member, but will not impact
                other controls that you may exercise when we cannot associate you with a Netflix account. Netflix’s Ad Supported Subscription Plan - Behavioral Advertising Opt-out Behavioral advertising means ads that are selected based on your use and/or interactions with unaffiliated third party websites/apps over time.  When you subscribe to an ad supported subscription plan, Netflix will provide each non-Kids profile the option to opt out of behavioral advertising on Netflix. (An option to opt-out will not be provided in the Kids profile, because we do not
                engage in behavioral advertising on a Kids profile.)   xYou can opt out of behavioral ads by selecting the appropriate profile, and choosing “Behavioral Advertising” in the “Account” section of our website. When you choose to opt out of receiving behavioral advertising, you will still see ads,
                but they will not be based on behavioral advertising information.   Matched Identifier Communications from Netflix Some third party sites and apps allow us to reach our members with online promotions about our titles and services by sending a privacy protective identifier to the third party. A privacy protective identifier means we convert the original
                information (such as an email address or phone number) into a value to keep the original information from being revealed. The third party compares the privacy protective identifier to identifiers in its database and there will be a match
                only if you have used the same identifier (such as an email address) with Netflix and the third party. If there is a match, Netflix can then choose whether or not to send a given promotional communication to you on that third party site
                or app, and can optimize and better measure the effectiveness of online advertising. You can opt out by selecting the appropriate profile, and choosing “Marketing Communications” in the “Account” section of our website. Other Forms of Choice and Control If you are not logged in or not a Netflix member, when you access sites like www.netflix.com, we do not associate your access with a Netflix member account. As a result, our ability to identify you is limited. However, your devices, web browsers,
                or apps may give you the ability to control certain information Netflix might collect. These include: Cookies For more information about cookies set through our website, as well as other types of online tracking (including the collection of information by third parties about your online activities over time and across third party websites or online
                services for online behavioral advertising), and to exercise choices regarding them, you can click here. At this time, we do not respond to web browser "do not track" signals. Note: Exercising
                control over cookies can be specific to that web browser or device. Your individual cookie choices will be respected regardless of plan or membership status. In addition to the cookie options listed in this section, if you subscribe to
                an ad supported subscription plan and wish to exercise your choices around  information being used for behavioral advertising on Netflix as part of such plan, you can access the ad supported subscription plan controls described in the
                section Netflix Ad Supported Subscription Plan Behavioral Advertising Opt-out. Resettable Device Identifiers At times, we may use a resettable device identifier on a mobile device, tablet, or streaming media devices to assist us in behavioral advertising or in an ad supported subscription plan. To control the setting of a resettable device identifier,
                please configure the appropriate setting on your device (usually found under "privacy" or "ads" in your device's settings). You may still see Netflix ads on your device, but they will not be selected using behavioral
                advertising information. Note: Exercising control over a resettable identifier is specific to that device. Your resettable device ID choices will be respected regardless of plan or membership status. In addition to the device level opt-out,
                if you subscribe to an ad supported subscription plan and wish to exercise your choices around information being used for behavioral advertising on Netflix as part of such plan, you can access the ad supported subscription plan controls
                described in the section Netflix Ad Supported Subscription Plan Behavioral Advertising Opt-out. Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Opt-Out Control Some third parties that may collect information from or about you on Netflix services to provide more relevant advertising to you participate in the Digital Advertising Alliance (DAA) Self-Regulatory Program for Online Behavioral Advertising.
                To make choices about the use of information in online behavioral or interest-based advertising on websites, please visit the DAA opt-out tool.  For more information regarding how you can stop certain uses of personal information, you can visit the following help articles: On managing emails from Netflix, see: How to manage email from Netflix.  On managing text messages and push notifications see: How to stop certain uses of your personal information.